.\"
.Dd August 26, 2016
.Dt instatweet 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm instatweet
.Nd tweet images from an instagram account
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl dhv
.Fl f Ar seen
.Fl i Ar instagram
.Fl t Ar twitter
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
will fetch the latest image from the given instagram
account and post it on Twitter.
.Sh OPTIONS
The following options are supported by
.Nm :
.Bl -tag -width i_instagram_
.It Fl d
Don't do anything, just show what would be done.
.It Fl f Ar seen
Log the pictures to the file 'seen'; only tweet
pictures not in that file.
.It Fl h
Display help and exit.
.It Fl i Ar instagram
Fetch the latest image from this instagram account.
.It Fl t Ar twitter
Post the image to this twitter account.
.It Fl v
Be verbose.
Can be specified multiple times.
.El
.Sh DETAILS
Posting Instagram pictures to Twitter is a bit of a
pain, since instagram links do not get a Twitter image
card, requiring the user to follow the link.
.Pp
.Nm
allows you to periodically poll an instagram account
and have it post new images to a Twitter account.
That way, you can follow an instagram account without
having to have or use an instagram account and without
having to follow individual links.
.Pp
If the
.Fl f
flag is given, then
.Nm
will log the picture ID in the given file and only
tweet images that are not included in that file.
.Pp
.Nm
uses the
.Xr tweet 1
command-line utility to post the picture.
This requires you to have set up
.Xr tweet 1
for the given account prior to using
.Nm .
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std 
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr tweet 1
.Sh HISTORY
.Nm
was originally written by
.An Jan Schaumann
.Aq jschauma@netmeister.org
in August 2016.
.Sh BUGS
Please submit bug reports and feature requests by
emailing the author.
